This lecture will integrate the product service with the coupon service to do that, go into the product rest
controller and within the create method, we will invoke the rest API exposed out by the coupon service.
To do that, we need the coupon code in the request the user should send the coupon code to on the product
and the product information comes in.
He should also send a private string coupon code.
We will use this coupon code to fetch the coupon details from the coupon service.
Mark this with @ Transient from the javax dot
Persistence because we don't want this to be saved to the database hit control one create getterrs and setters.
This is only to handle the incoming request.
Data in the incoming request will get the coupon code, will then use the coupon code inside the create
method through rest template so spring offers rest template to make restful calls.
its our restful client rest template call it rest template Mark this with @ auto wired annotation use
that rest template inside the create method dot get for object is the method we can use and the
u r l. we will
Copy the u r l in a second, the response type is coupon.
dot class, this class doesn't exist in this project, we can easily create it, hit control one
create class coupon, put it in a package called dto  it's just a simple data transfer object.
It's not an entity in this project or a model object.
hit finish. Double-Click to minimize go to the coupon service go to the models, open up the coupon dot Java
copy all the way from the id.
We don't need any of that JPA annotations all the way from id to the last method come back paste it
inside this class.
So when we get a response from the coupon service, we are de serializing that into the coupon class.
That is what is happening here.
hit control one assigned statement to a new local variable call it coupon.
And we get the coupon back, as I said, will fill in the u r l in a second before the repository sale
happens.
We want to deduct the products price from whatever discount this coupon has to offer.
So product dot set the price of the product to product.
dot get price dot difference.
There is a difference method on the big decimal.
Let's get that dot.
Subtract, subtract, pass in that coupon dot, get discount, a simple discount logic, we are fetching
the coupon information, deducting that coupon discount, whatever it offers from the actual price up
the product and setting it on the product before it is save to the database.
Now to the u r l portion.
Grab the u r l from Posman.
To get the coupon details come back, we can paste it here and then we will extract it into configuration.
So coupons forward slash plus whatever coupon id  comes  in the incoming request.
So product dot
Get coupon code.
So that completes it you can grab this entire u r l  copy it.
Go to the application DOT properties, file on your product service.
We are moving it to a property file instead of hard coding it here right after this property, introduce
a new property called Coupon dot or Coupon Service dot
u r l  you can name it.
Whatever you want is equal to paste the u r l no need
of double quotes
Take that out.
Now, copy this property, name coupon service dot u r l go back to the product rest controller and we will
inject it.
Private string.
You can call it coupon service, u r l.
Mark this with @ value annotation within brackets.
Dollar symbol Angler Brackett's paste the property name, so that is how we inject values from a property
file, use this coupon u r l  here
Instead of hard coding it save it, one last thing, go to the application class of product service,
the product service application, we need to create a bean of type rest template.
So here you'll simply create a method that will return the rest template bean call it rest template.
And return new rest template.
Mark this with @ bean annotations so that at run time will have the rest template bean so in this lecture,
have done a lot of work to integrate the product service with the coupon service.
You have started it by using the rest template.
You have invoked the get for object method and then you are using the u r l to the coupon service.
You are appending the coupon code that comes in the incoming request.
We have added the coupon code to the product entity and then we are retrieving it, getting the coupon,
applying the discount.